Set app service rules and remove sync config permissions (#44)
realm/realm-dart-samples: users_permissions/README.md

1. Go into folder '\assets\atlas_app':

    `cd assets/atlas_app`
1. Deploy the app to Atlas App Services:
* IMPORTANT: Before to push the app make sure the cluster name is the same like the cluster in your account. Go to "\assets\atlas_app\data_sources\mongodb-atlas\config.json" and set the json field `clusterName`.
Then run this command:

    `realm-cli push --yes`

> 1. Then go to the UI and manually allow `Custom User Data` in **Authentication**. Select the following fields:

Author: This section will be removed after this issue is fixed https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/HELP-42773

1. Create a new app following the instructions here: [Create an App with Atlas App Services UI](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/manage-apps/create/create-with-realm-ui).
    For the purpose of this sample you don't need to create an app from a template. You can just create an empty application.
1. Click the button `Review draft & deploy`.
1. Go to the **Authentication** menu in the left panel and select :
    1. `Authentication Providers`. Then make sure the option "Email/Password" is ON. Save and then click the button `Review draft & deploy`. Read [this page](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/authentication/providers/) for more information about the other types of authentication.
    1. `Custom User Data`. Then make sure the option is enabled. Select cluster, database and collection where to store the custom data. Then select the field that to be used for mapping users with their custom data. For this sample the field name is `owner_id`. Read [this page](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/users/enable-custom-user-data/) for more information about enabling custom user data.
1. Go to the **Rules** menu.

>     1. Select "Default roles and filters" under the service name. Choose from the list with `Other preset`: `readOwnWriteOwn (User can only read and write their own data)` and click the button `Add preset role`. If you switch to `Advanced view` the json should looks like the one in this file: /assets/atlas_app/data_sources/mongodb-atlas/default_rule.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select "Default roles and filters" under the service name. Choose from the list with `Other preset`: `readOwnWriteOwn (User can only read and write their own data)` and click the button `Add preset role`. If you switch to `Advanced view` the JSON should looks like the one in the file `/assets/atlas_app/data_sources/mongodb-atlas/default_rule.json`.
```

to clarify, where's the file /assets/atlas_app/data_sources/mongodb-atlas/default_rule.json?

Author: https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/pull/44/files#diff-1315a12f811dda393587b32c9158af75558e19d9391a9cfa5c52b42ed9279385:~:text=dart_flexible_sync/atlas_app/data_sources/mongodb%2Datlas/default_rule.json

>     1. To set specific permissions to a collection it must exist. Create a new collection with name "Item" if it doesn't exist. This could be done from the menu option `Create collection`, which is on the root level next to the service name. Then select the collection and set the rules. Choose from the list with `Other preset`: `Users can read and write their own data, admins can read and write all data)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. To set specific permissions to a collection, it must exist. Create a new collection with name "Item" if it doesn't exist. This could be done from the menu option `Create collection`, which is on the root level next to the service name. Then select the collection and set the rules. Choose from the list with `Other preset`: `Users can read and write their own data, admins can read and write all data)`.
```

> `Users can read and write their own data, admins can read and write all data)`.
also something wrong with the parenthesis here.

    * Edit `admin` role: 

>       * Set applyWhen as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Set `applyWhen` as follows:
```

>         ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion

        ```json
```

        "apply_when": {
            "%%user.custom_data.isAdmin": true
          }
        ```
      * Set Document permisions: Read:`true` and Write:`true`.
    * Edit `user` role:
      * Set applyWhen as follow:
        ```json
        "apply_when": {
            "%%user.custom_data.isAdmin": false
          }
        ```
      * Set Document permisions: Read:`true` and Write: as follow.
        ```json
          {
            "owner_id": "%%user.id"
          }

>         ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```

```

    If you switch to Advanced view the json should looks like the one in this file: /assets/atlas_app/data_sources/mongodb-atlas/user_permissions/Item/rules.json.
    The rules defined above allows the administrators to read/write the Items of all the users. The non-admin users will be able to read/write only their own Items. For all the other collections (like Roles for example) it is valid that users can change only the role that belongs to them. For this sample, this happens when the users register themselves.
    1. Click the button `Save dtaft` and confirm.
    1. Click the button `Review draft & deploy`.
1. Go to the **Sync** menu and [Enable Flexible Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/sync/configure/enable-sync/#enable-flexible-sync).
    1. Don't create a schema. Skip by choosing "No thanks, continue to Sync".
    1. Press the "Flexible Sync" button. Only Flexible Sync is supported in the Realm Flutter SDK.

>     1. Switch ON the ["Development mode"](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/sync/data-model/development-mode/) option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Switch ON the [Development mode](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/sync/data-model/development-mode/) option.
```

    1. Create a new database collection and choose a name for it.

>     1. Create a new queryable field used for filtering data between both realms in this application. For our sample the field is `owner_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Create a new queryable field used for filtering data between both realms in this application. For our sample, the field is `owner_id`.
```

        Type the field name `owner_id` in the selection box and then choose `Create owner_id`.

>         It will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

not necessary imo

>         Type the field name `owner_id` in the selection box and then choose `Create owner_id`.
>         It will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Type the field name `owner_id` in the selection box and then choose `Create owner_id` to create it.
```

1. [Find and Copy the App ID](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/reference/find-your-project-or-app-id/) of your new application.

> 1. Go to `\assets\atlas_app\realm_config.json` in this sample and set your app_Id as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to `/assets/atlas_app/realm_config.json` in this sample and set your `app_id` as follows:
```

>     ```json{

Reviewer: cant edit the code example b/c not changed but needs to be updated to `app_id` (lowercase 'i' in 'id').

Reviewer: also [on line 128](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart-samples/pull/44/files#diff-0f35b096cabe9a6266cb856f43be42c8e19590273707b8397769735ee10a3668R128), it says:

> Follow the instructions in the next section `Create administrator using Realm SDK`

this should be changed to:

```md
Follow the instructions in the section [Create administrator using Realm SDK](#create-administrator-using-realm-sdk)
```
